♪
A singular new design,
a reengineered chip, and 5G.
This is iPhone 12 Pro.
The vertical band
is precision-machined
from stainless steel.
The Ceramic Shield on the front
is tougher than
any smartphone glass.
And tighter borders allow
for even larger
Super Retina XDR displays.
♪
5G is set to change the world
with radically faster speeds.
The hardware and software
have been optimized
for the best 5G experience.
A14 Bionic has a smaller
five-nanometer transistor,
which pushes the most powerful
chip in a smartphone...
[RUMBLING]
...generations ahead.
A new and improved
Pro camera system
makes the 12 Pro
the photographer's iPhone.
The larger iPhone 12 Pro Max
takes these innovations
even further.
[EXPLODING]
Its bigger sensor dramatically
increases the detail captured
and helps improve low-light
performance by 87 percent.
[CAMERA SHUTTERS]
[CRACKLING]
[SIZZLING]
The custom-designed
LiDAR Scanner
puts advanced-depth mapping
technology in your pocket.
You can now take
a Night mode portrait
and unlock a new world
of possibilities
for augmented reality.
[ENGINE REVVING]
[CRUMBLING]
iPhone 12 Pro
smashes the benchmark
for highest-quality video
in a smartphone.
♪
And the movie industry
can now count on it
as an essential piece
of equipment.
♪
It is the world's first device
able to capture, playback,
and edit 10-bit HDR footage
with Dolby Vision.
iPhone 12 Pro comes in two sizes
and in four finishes,
including New Pacific Blue.
An integral part of this year's
design is MagSafe,
an intelligent system of magnets
that connect accessories
in a whole new way.
[CLICKING]
[CHARGING TONE]
All this and more
make iPhone 12 Pro
the most powerful iPhone ever.
♪